Add PID example (#214)
oauth-wg/oauth-sd-jwt-vc: draft-ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc.md

* Specification document: [[ (#jwt-vc-issuer-metadata) of this of this specification ]]
* Related information: (none)

# Examples

Important: The following examples are not normative and provided for

> illustration purposes only. In particular, neither the structure of the claims

Reviewer: ```suggestion
illustrative purposes only. In particular, neither the structure of the claims
```

nor the selection of selectively disclosable claims are normative.

Line breaks have been added for readability.

## Example 1: Person Identification Data (PID) Credential

This example shows how the artifacts defined in this specification could
be used to represent the concept of a Person Identification Data (PID)
[@EUDIW.ARF] using the data of a German citizen.

Key Binding is applied
using the Holder's public key passed in a `cnf` claim in the SD-JWT.

The Issuer is using the following input claim set:

<{{examples/03-pid/user_claims.json}}

The following is the issued SD-JWT:

<{{examples/03-pid/sd_jwt_issuance.txt}}

The following payload is used for the SD-JWT:

<{{examples/03-pid/sd_jwt_payload.json}}

The following Disclosures are created by the Issuer:

{{examples/03-pid/disclosures.md}}

> The following is how a presentation of the SD-JWT with a Key Binding JWT that discloses only nationality and the fact that the person is over 18 years old could look like:

Reviewer: "could look like" has never sounded right to me

```suggestion
The following is how a presentation of the SD-JWT with a Key Binding JWT that discloses only nationality and the fact that the person is over 18 years old might look:
```
